# Learning Ability and Adaptivity of the Digital Consulting Assistant and Content Management System of LOKAL-Digital Project

"LOKAL-digital - Smart knowledge management for housing, care, and health” is a model project in digitization to achieve citizen proximity through digital advisory services. The aim of the model project, using the example of the city of Netphen, is to improve the quality of life through self-determined lifestyles in old age and to increase the attractiveness of the home towns, especially given the effects of demographic change. The project is aimed at elderly citizens and citizens with special support needs due to physical, social, and psychological limitations.

The project plans to build a knowledge database using software development modules. Collectively we can refer to it as a knowledge management system that can be extended to other municipalities. The publicly accessible database will incorporate offers and help from public welfare service providers like health care personnel, the construction industry, government personnel from municipalities, and other care providers. Having all the offers from different care providers under one knowledge base will be a practical approach to improving the quality of lifestyle in old age.

The goal was to ultimately develop a one-stop solution to enable users to find the resources they require from their internet searches, in an accessible, independent, and efficient manner. After creating a basic layout to meet the requirements, the functionality of the local site was enhanced by using plugins. To make the CMS adaptable, certain plugins were selected that are explained in detail with their functionalities. The idea was to create a website that would learn to adapt itself with time to user requirements to provide better service to the site visitors. A chatbot plugin was added to help the visitors navigate the website. Cahtbot's ability to adapt based on user feedback was one of the examples of CMS learning ability and adaptivity.
